play has always loved Australia the
waves are great there's a lot of spots
to surf
I like it there because the waves are
just always waves and people are really
nice just really laid-back it's just
simple life insane waves and he loves it
there
play went on a trip to a really remote
part of Australia and found some amazing
slabs and found a really really great
girl
I was working in a little cafe called
Blackrock clay says he walked in there
for about two days before I had even
seen him
I thought I'd seen guys that were really
good but clay just makes surfing look
like a whole nother thing free surfing
is not an easy gig you constantly have
to be keeping yourself in the limelight
whether that's photos videos whatever I
feel like since he's been coming to
Australia he's actually picked up his
game and started doing things little
more for himself every once in a while
you'll see it at it I'm gonna blow your
mind
reminds you he's still serving at an
incredible level
you
we all started surfing because we were
individualistic you know we wanted to do
our own thing it was rebellious it was
edgy it was anti in a positive way and I
feel a lot of that just gone it has
changed a lot the industry and surfing
in general has changed a lot now it's
about going out and socializing I don't
think the surfing is that high of a
criteria now to get sponsored there's
marketability because that's the thing
is the sponsors are focusing on their
product that they're selling that's
their number one thing the sponsorship
of the surfer isn't the number one thing
if it was it would be sponsible you go
to Costco to get your cereal and your
groceries you walk in you got to walk by
these huge tables holding eight of your
giant surf brands that you grew up
loving and you see that there's a
schlepping all this product it's your
product it's your lifestyle your brand
and they're feeding it to the masses for
$6 a t-shirt you're going to turn your
back on them
the hard part for me when I look at the
surf industry today is I feel there's
been lots of personality
it's about how good you do on the world
tour or how much you do for your sponsor
are you a CGI are you a hipster guy the
brand's control that what image do they
want to portray and you know how do you
fit into what they try to do right now
the most of the brands are playing it
really safe we're all downsizing and
trying to do it without looking like
they're downsizing they're looking at
each other and following trends and
marketing in the Safeway the trimming
their tools that they have to promote a
guy like that it's definitely gotten
more serious and less fun I think back
when it was more fun that was a better
time
it's a complete shame because there's
nothing like the lifestyle of surfing
the freedom of surfing this sport and
this culture are so full of eccentric
characters of great stories and I
honestly believe plays a throwback to
that time if people would just get to
know him on his terms and would just see
the 360-degree picture of this guy he's
such an eccentric young athlete he kind
of beats to the sound of his own drum
and because of that people don't get it
Claes does a little work for surface
healing
he's great with kids in a one-on-one
situation without saying a word he
connects with him you like doing stuff
with the kid yeah I do that show up see
kids make him happy
enjoy
you